BUG: Ensure "string[pyarrow]" type is preserved when calling extractall (#55534)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v2.1.2.rst

- Fixed bug in :meth:`Index.insert` raising when inserting ``None`` into :class:`Index` with ``dtype="string[pyarrow_numpy]"`` (:issue:`55365`)
- Fixed bug in :meth:`Series.all`  and :meth:`Series.any` not treating missing values correctly for ``dtype="string[pyarrow_numpy]"`` (:issue:`55367`)
- Fixed bug in :meth:`Series.rank` for ``string[pyarrow_numpy]`` dtype (:issue:`55362`)

> - Fixed bug in :meth:`Series.str.extractall` for ``string[pyarrow]`` dtype being converted to object (:issue:`53846`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed bug in :meth:`Series.str.extractall` for :class:`ArrowDtype` being converted to object (:issue:`53846`)
```
